
onset : onset : dsw
lsp : onset : dsw
lsp : onset : cp
lsp : retreat : dsw
lsp : retreat : cp
lsp : length : dsw
lsp : length : cp
lsp : tp : dsw
lsp : tp : cp
cp : onset : dsw
cp : onset : cp
cp : retreat : dsw
cp : retreat : cp
cp : length : dsw
cp : length : cp
cp : tp : dsw
cp : tp : cp
tp : onset : dsw
tp : onset : cp
tp : retreat : dsw
tp : retreat : cp
tp : length : dsw
tp : length : cp
tp : tp : dsw
tp : tp : cp
sshf : onset : dsw
sshf : onset : cp
sshf : retreat : dsw
sshf : retreat : cp
sshf : length : dsw
sshf : length : cp
sshf : tp : dsw
sshf : tp : cp
slhf : onset : dsw
slhf : onset : cp
slhf : retreat : dsw
slhf : retreat : cp
slhf : length : dsw
slhf : length : cp
slhf : tp : dsw
slhf : tp : cp
ssr : onset : dsw
ssr : onset : cp
ssr : retreat : dsw
ssr : retreat : cp
ssr : length : dsw
ssr : length : cp
ssr : tp : dsw
ssr : tp : cp
str : onset : dsw
str : onset : cp
str : retreat : dsw
str : retreat : cp
str : length : dsw
str : length : cp
str : tp : dsw
str : tp : cp
sro : onset : dsw
sro : onset : cp
sro : retreat : dsw
sro : retreat : cp
sro : length : dsw
sro : length : cp
sro : tp : dsw
sro : tp : cp
sf : onset : dsw
sf : onset : cp
sf : retreat : dsw
sf : retreat : cp
sf : length : dsw
sf : length : cp
sf : tp : dsw
sf : tp : cp
ssrd : onset : dsw
ssrd : onset : cp
ssrd : retreat : dsw
ssrd : retreat : cp
ssrd : length : dsw
ssrd : length : cp
ssrd : tp : dsw
ssrd : tp : cp
strd : onset : dsw
strd : onset : cp
strd : retreat : dsw
strd : retreat : cp
strd : length : dsw
strd : length : cp
strd : tp : dsw
strd : tp : cp
ttr : onset : dsw
ttr : onset : cp
ttr : retreat : dsw
ttr : retreat : cp
ttr : length : dsw
ttr : length : cp
ttr : tp : dsw
ttr : tp : cp
sd : onset : dsw
sd : onset : cp
sd : retreat : dsw
sd : retreat : cp
sd : length : dsw
sd : length : cp
sd : tp : dsw
sd : tp : cp
msl : onset : dsw
msl : onset : cp
msl : retreat : dsw
msl : retreat : cp
msl : length : dsw
msl : length : cp
msl : tp : dsw
msl : tp : cp
tcc : onset : dsw
tcc : onset : cp
tcc : retreat : dsw
tcc : retreat : cp
tcc : length : dsw
tcc : length : cp
tcc : tp : dsw
tcc : tp : cp
stl1 : onset : dsw
stl1 : onset : cp
stl1 : retreat : dsw
stl1 : retreat : cp
stl1 : length : dsw
stl1 : length : cp
stl1 : tp : dsw
stl1 : tp : cp
stl2 : onset : dsw
stl2 : onset : cp
stl2 : retreat : dsw
stl2 : retreat : cp
stl2 : length : dsw
stl2 : length : cp
stl2 : tp : dsw
stl2 : tp : cp
stl3 : onset : dsw
stl3 : onset : cp
stl3 : retreat : dsw
stl3 : retreat : cp
stl3 : length : dsw
stl3 : length : cp
stl3 : tp : dsw
stl3 : tp : cp
stl4 : onset : dsw
stl4 : onset : cp
stl4 : retreat : dsw
stl4 : retreat : cp
stl4 : length : dsw
stl4 : length : cp
stl4 : tp : dsw
stl4 : tp : cp
swvl1 : onset : dsw
swvl1 : onset : cp
swvl1 : retreat : dsw
swvl1 : retreat : cp
swvl1 : length : dsw
swvl1 : length : cp
swvl1 : tp : dsw
swvl1 : tp : cp
swvl2 : onset : dsw
swvl2 : onset : cp
swvl2 : retreat : dsw
swvl2 : retreat : cp
swvl2 : length : dsw
swvl2 : length : cp
swvl2 : tp : dsw
swvl2 : tp : cp
swvl3 : onset : dsw
swvl3 : onset : cp
swvl3 : retreat : dsw
swvl3 : retreat : cp
swvl3 : length : dsw
swvl3 : length : cp
swvl3 : tp : dsw
swvl3 : tp : cp
swvl4 : onset : dsw
swvl4 : onset : cp
swvl4 : retreat : dsw
swvl4 : retreat : cp
swvl4 : length : dsw
swvl4 : length : cp
swvl4 : tp : dsw
swvl4 : tp : cp
2t : onset : dsw
2t : onset : cp
2t : retreat : dsw
2t : retreat : cp
2t : length : dsw
2t : length : cp
2t : tp : dsw
2t : tp : cp
2d : onset : dsw
2d : onset : cp
2d : retreat : dsw
2d : retreat : cp
2d : length : dsw
2d : length : cp
2d : tp : dsw
2d : tp : cp
ishf : onset : dsw
ishf : onset : cp
ishf : retreat : dsw
ishf : retreat : cp
ishf : length : dsw
ishf : length : cp
ishf : tp : dsw
ishf : tp : cp
ie : onset : dsw
ie : onset : cp
ie : retreat : dsw
ie : retreat : cp
ie : length : dsw
ie : length : cp
ie : tp : dsw
ie : tp : cp
cape : onset : dsw
cape : onset : cp
cape : retreat : dsw
cape : retreat : cp
cape : length : dsw
cape : length : cp
cape : tp : dsw
cape : tp : cp
tcw : onset : dsw
tcw : onset : cp
tcw : retreat : dsw
tcw : retreat : cp
tcw : length : dsw
tcw : length : cp
tcw : tp : dsw
tcw : tp : cp
sstk : onset : dsw
sstk : onset : cp
sstk : retreat : dsw
sstk : retreat : cp
sstk : length : dsw
sstk : length : cp
sstk : tp : dsw
sstk : tp : cp
z : onset : dsw
z : onset : cp
z : retreat : dsw
z : retreat : cp
z : length : dsw
z : length : cp
z : tp : dsw
z : tp : cp
t : onset : dsw
t : onset : cp
t : retreat : dsw
t : retreat : cp
t : length : dsw
t : length : cp
t : tp : dsw
t : tp : cp
u : onset : dsw
u : onset : cp
u : retreat : dsw
u : retreat : cp
u : length : dsw
u : length : cp
u : tp : dsw
u : tp : cp
v : onset : dsw
v : onset : cp
v : retreat : dsw
v : retreat : cp
v : length : dsw
v : length : cp
v : tp : dsw
v : tp : cp
q : onset : dsw
q : onset : cp
q : retreat : dsw
q : retreat : cp
q : length : dsw
q : length : cp
q : tp : dsw
q : tp : cp
w : onset : dsw
w : onset : cp
w : retreat : dsw
w : retreat : cp
w : length : dsw
w : length : cp
w : tp : dsw
w : tp : cp
r : onset : dsw
r : onset : cp
r : retreat : dsw
r : retreat : cp
r : length : dsw
r : length : cp
r : tp : dsw
r : tp : cp
