Waiting on job launch; 3129322.desched1 with qsub arguments:
    qsub  -l select=1:ncpus=128:mem=235GB -A UUSL0032 -q main@desched1 -l walltime=12:00:00

/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
/glade/u/home/zcleveland/.conda/envs/mland_xr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:178: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in reduce
ret = umr_sum(arr, axis, dtype, out, keepdims, where=where)
Processing variable: sshf: 198001_198012

File sshf_198001_198012_dsw already exists. Skipping...

Processing variable: sshf: 198101_198112

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.61 s

Processing variable: sshf: 198201_198212

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.52 s

Processing variable: sshf: 198301_198312

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.34 s

Processing variable: sshf: 198401_198412

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.61 s

Processing variable: sshf: 198501_198512

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.47 s

Processing variable: sshf: 198601_198612

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.29 s

Processing variable: sshf: 198701_198712

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.17 s

Processing variable: sshf: 198801_198812

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.74 s

Processing variable: sshf: 198901_198912

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.59 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199001_199012

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.01 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199101_199112

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  148.77 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199201_199212

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.59 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199301_199312

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  148.74 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199401_199412

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.44 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199501_199512

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.64 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199601_199612

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.83 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199701_199712

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.69 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199801_199812

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  148.39 s

Processing variable: sshf: 199901_199912

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.45 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200001_200012

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.70 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200101_200112

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.56 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200201_200212

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.70 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200301_200312

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.74 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200401_200412

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.60 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200501_200512

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.29 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200601_200612

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.72 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200701_200712

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.40 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200801_200812

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.70 s

Processing variable: sshf: 200901_200912

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.67 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201001_201012

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  161.90 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201101_201112

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.62 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201201_201212

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.17 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201301_201312

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.32 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201401_201412

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.45 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201501_201512

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.39 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201601_201612

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.35 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201701_201712

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.74 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201801_201812

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.37 s

Processing variable: sshf: 201901_201912

Searching for sshf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sshf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.34 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198001_198012

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.91 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198101_198112

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.10 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198201_198212

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  148.56 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198301_198312

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.02 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198401_198412

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  148.92 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198501_198512

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.10 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198601_198612

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  148.36 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198701_198712

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  148.17 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198801_198812

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.19 s

Processing variable: slhf: 198901_198912

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.19 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199001_199012

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.29 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199101_199112

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  148.52 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199201_199212

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.90 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199301_199312

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.86 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199401_199412

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.76 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199501_199512

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  149.92 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199601_199612

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  153.46 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199701_199712

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  153.89 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199801_199812

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.28 s

Processing variable: slhf: 199901_199912

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.37 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200001_200012

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.79 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200101_200112

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.63 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200201_200212

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.70 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200301_200312

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  154.23 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200401_200412

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.99 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200501_200512

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  156.40 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200601_200612

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  154.15 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200701_200712

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  153.80 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200801_200812

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.76 s

Processing variable: slhf: 200901_200912

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  156.33 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201001_201012

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  154.34 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201101_201112

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  153.61 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201201_201212

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.80 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201301_201312

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.58 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201401_201412

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  154.04 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201501_201512

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  154.60 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201601_201612

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  151.19 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201701_201712

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  155.77 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201801_201812

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  153.35 s

Processing variable: slhf: 201901_201912

Searching for slhf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

slhf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  150.96 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198001_198012

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  109.40 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198101_198112

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.24 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198201_198212

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  108.47 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198301_198312

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.77 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198401_198412

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.25 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198501_198512

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.99 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198601_198612

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.07 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198701_198712

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.77 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198801_198812

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.74 s

Processing variable: ssr: 198901_198912

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.35 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199001_199012

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  104.41 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199101_199112

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.73 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199201_199212

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.15 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199301_199312

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.54 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199401_199412

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.68 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199501_199512

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.45 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199601_199612

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  104.31 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199701_199712

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.75 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199801_199812

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  108.22 s

Processing variable: ssr: 199901_199912

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.12 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200001_200012

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.99 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200101_200112

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.98 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200201_200212

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.26 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200301_200312

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.49 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200401_200412

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  104.99 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200501_200512

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.67 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200601_200612

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.82 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200701_200712

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.65 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200801_200812

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.45 s

Processing variable: ssr: 200901_200912

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.80 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201001_201012

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  104.95 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201101_201112

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.93 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201201_201212

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  103.43 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201301_201312

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.24 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201401_201412

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.01 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201501_201512

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  107.71 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201601_201612

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.82 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201701_201712

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.03 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201801_201812

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  106.20 s

Processing variable: ssr: 201901_201912

Searching for ssr in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

ssr found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  105.47 s

Processing variable: str: 198001_198012

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  159.30 s

Processing variable: str: 198101_198112

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  158.72 s

Processing variable: str: 198201_198212

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  159.19 s

Processing variable: str: 198301_198312

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  160.67 s

Processing variable: str: 198401_198412

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  159.88 s

Processing variable: str: 198501_198512

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  156.87 s

Processing variable: str: 198601_198612

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  161.70 s

Processing variable: str: 198701_198712

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  159.60 s

Processing variable: str: 198801_198812

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  160.43 s

Processing variable: str: 198901_198912

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  153.49 s

Processing variable: str: 199001_199012

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.14 s

Processing variable: str: 199101_199112

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  153.64 s

Processing variable: str: 199201_199212

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  153.71 s

Processing variable: str: 199301_199312

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  157.69 s

Processing variable: str: 199401_199412

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  152.37 s

Processing variable: str: 199501_199512

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  157.12 s

Processing variable: str: 199601_199612

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  173.67 s

Processing variable: str: 199701_199712

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  170.35 s

Processing variable: str: 199801_199812

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  170.15 s

Processing variable: str: 199901_199912

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  169.82 s

Processing variable: str: 200001_200012

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  170.87 s

Processing variable: str: 200101_200112

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  177.43 s

Processing variable: str: 200201_200212

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  174.93 s

Processing variable: str: 200301_200312

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  170.64 s

Processing variable: str: 200401_200412

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  178.08 s

Processing variable: str: 200501_200512

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  174.12 s

Processing variable: str: 200601_200612

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  173.82 s

Processing variable: str: 200701_200712

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  180.88 s

Processing variable: str: 200801_200812

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  174.31 s

Processing variable: str: 200901_200912

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  175.65 s

Processing variable: str: 201001_201012

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  174.81 s

Processing variable: str: 201101_201112

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  177.52 s

Processing variable: str: 201201_201212

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  183.96 s

Processing variable: str: 201301_201312

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  179.08 s

Processing variable: str: 201401_201412

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  177.56 s

Processing variable: str: 201501_201512

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  173.60 s

Processing variable: str: 201601_201612

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  176.15 s

Processing variable: str: 201701_201712

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  175.96 s

Processing variable: str: 201801_201812

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  167.60 s

Processing variable: str: 201901_201912

Searching for str in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

str found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  171.22 s

Processing variable: sro: 198001_198012

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  77.56 s

Processing variable: sro: 198101_198112

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.55 s

Processing variable: sro: 198201_198212

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  84.49 s

Processing variable: sro: 198301_198312

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  85.39 s

Processing variable: sro: 198401_198412

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.66 s

Processing variable: sro: 198501_198512

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  79.52 s

Processing variable: sro: 198601_198612

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  79.10 s

Processing variable: sro: 198701_198712

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  87.82 s

Processing variable: sro: 198801_198812

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  82.69 s

Processing variable: sro: 198901_198912

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  85.20 s

Processing variable: sro: 199001_199012

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  83.66 s

Processing variable: sro: 199101_199112

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.42 s

Processing variable: sro: 199201_199212

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  79.89 s

Processing variable: sro: 199301_199312

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.71 s

Processing variable: sro: 199401_199412

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  66.40 s

Processing variable: sro: 199501_199512

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.66 s

Processing variable: sro: 199601_199612

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  66.47 s

Processing variable: sro: 199701_199712

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  66.41 s

Processing variable: sro: 199801_199812

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.27 s

Processing variable: sro: 199901_199912

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.55 s

Processing variable: sro: 200001_200012

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  66.57 s

Processing variable: sro: 200101_200112

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.53 s

Processing variable: sro: 200201_200212

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  64.94 s

Processing variable: sro: 200301_200312

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.79 s

Processing variable: sro: 200401_200412

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  64.90 s

Processing variable: sro: 200501_200512

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.90 s

Processing variable: sro: 200601_200612

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  66.27 s

Processing variable: sro: 200701_200712

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  64.81 s

Processing variable: sro: 200801_200812

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.42 s

Processing variable: sro: 200901_200912

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.49 s

Processing variable: sro: 201001_201012

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  66.54 s

Processing variable: sro: 201101_201112

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  66.62 s

Processing variable: sro: 201201_201212

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.77 s

Processing variable: sro: 201301_201312

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.19 s

Processing variable: sro: 201401_201412

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.10 s

Processing variable: sro: 201501_201512

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  64.94 s

Processing variable: sro: 201601_201612

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  64.51 s

Processing variable: sro: 201701_201712

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  64.84 s

Processing variable: sro: 201801_201812

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  64.62 s

Processing variable: sro: 201901_201912

Searching for sro in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sro found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  65.28 s

Processing variable: sf: 198001_198012

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.22 s

Processing variable: sf: 198101_198112

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  83.44 s

Processing variable: sf: 198201_198212

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  85.64 s

Processing variable: sf: 198301_198312

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  82.56 s

Processing variable: sf: 198401_198412

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  84.63 s

Processing variable: sf: 198501_198512

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  85.45 s

Processing variable: sf: 198601_198612

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  83.10 s

Processing variable: sf: 198701_198712

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.25 s

Processing variable: sf: 198801_198812

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  83.72 s

Processing variable: sf: 198901_198912

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  83.28 s

Processing variable: sf: 199001_199012

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.71 s

Processing variable: sf: 199101_199112

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  83.41 s

Processing variable: sf: 199201_199212

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  85.08 s

Processing variable: sf: 199301_199312

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.85 s

Processing variable: sf: 199401_199412

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  84.73 s

Processing variable: sf: 199501_199512

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  84.76 s

Processing variable: sf: 199601_199612

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  84.05 s

Processing variable: sf: 199701_199712

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  82.67 s

Processing variable: sf: 199801_199812

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  82.18 s

Processing variable: sf: 199901_199912

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  82.01 s

Processing variable: sf: 200001_200012

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  82.41 s

Processing variable: sf: 200101_200112

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.56 s

Processing variable: sf: 200201_200212

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.60 s

Processing variable: sf: 200301_200312

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.47 s

Processing variable: sf: 200401_200412

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.46 s

Processing variable: sf: 200501_200512

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.76 s

Processing variable: sf: 200601_200612

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.53 s

Processing variable: sf: 200701_200712

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.16 s

Processing variable: sf: 200801_200812

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.51 s

Processing variable: sf: 200901_200912

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.45 s

Processing variable: sf: 201001_201012

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  82.37 s

Processing variable: sf: 201101_201112

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  79.23 s

Processing variable: sf: 201201_201212

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.73 s

Processing variable: sf: 201301_201312

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.26 s

Processing variable: sf: 201401_201412

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.54 s

Processing variable: sf: 201501_201512

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  81.04 s

Processing variable: sf: 201601_201612

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.39 s

Processing variable: sf: 201701_201712

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.47 s

Processing variable: sf: 201801_201812

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  80.34 s

Processing variable: sf: 201901_201912

Searching for sf in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

sf found at e5.oper.fc.sfc.accumu

24 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  79.82 s

Processing variable: cape: 198001_198012

File cape_198001_198012_dsw already exists. Skipping...

Processing variable: cape: 198101_198112

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  48.81 s

Processing variable: cape: 198201_198212

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.21 s

Processing variable: cape: 198301_198312

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.21 s

Processing variable: cape: 198401_198412

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.53 s

Processing variable: cape: 198501_198512

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  46.71 s

Processing variable: cape: 198601_198612

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.64 s

Processing variable: cape: 198701_198712

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.53 s

Processing variable: cape: 198801_198812

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  40.39 s

Processing variable: cape: 198901_198912

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.45 s

Processing variable: cape: 199001_199012

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.84 s

Processing variable: cape: 199101_199112

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.37 s

Processing variable: cape: 199201_199212

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.99 s

Processing variable: cape: 199301_199312

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  42.11 s

Processing variable: cape: 199401_199412

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.40 s

Processing variable: cape: 199501_199512

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  42.67 s

Processing variable: cape: 199601_199612

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.01 s

Processing variable: cape: 199701_199712

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.55 s

Processing variable: cape: 199801_199812

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  46.11 s

Processing variable: cape: 199901_199912

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.75 s

Processing variable: cape: 200001_200012

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.17 s

Processing variable: cape: 200101_200112

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.82 s

Processing variable: cape: 200201_200212

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.81 s

Processing variable: cape: 200301_200312

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.78 s

Processing variable: cape: 200401_200412

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.28 s

Processing variable: cape: 200501_200512

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.97 s

Processing variable: cape: 200601_200612

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.03 s

Processing variable: cape: 200701_200712

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.14 s

Processing variable: cape: 200801_200812

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.68 s

Processing variable: cape: 200901_200912

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.74 s

Processing variable: cape: 201001_201012

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.74 s

Processing variable: cape: 201101_201112

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  42.72 s

Processing variable: cape: 201201_201212

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.77 s

Processing variable: cape: 201301_201312

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.47 s

Processing variable: cape: 201401_201412

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  45.62 s

Processing variable: cape: 201501_201512

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.83 s

Processing variable: cape: 201601_201612

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  42.92 s

Processing variable: cape: 201701_201712

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  47.66 s

Processing variable: cape: 201801_201812

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  43.45 s

Processing variable: cape: 201901_201912

Searching for cape in /glade/campaign/collections/rda/data/ds633.0/

cape found at e5.oper.an.sfc

12 number of files

opening datasets
Combining Data
Combining data
Writing data to NetCDF

Time elapsed:  44.10 s

